NDES REST API and config doc changes (#22968)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/yaml-files.md

- `macos_settings.custom_settings` is a list of paths to macOS configuration profiles (.mobileconfig) or declaration profiles (.json).
- `windows_settings.custom_settings` is a list of paths to Windows configuration profiles (.xml).

> Fleet supports adding [GitHub environment variables](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/variables#defining-environment-variables-for-a-single-workflow) in your configuration profiles. Use `$ENV_VARIABLE` format. Variables beginning with `$FLEET_VAR_` are reserved for Fleet server. The server will replace these variables with the actual values when profiles are sent to hosts. Supported variables include:
>    - `$FLEET_VAR_HOST_END_USER_EMAIL_IDP`
>    - `$FLEET_VAR_NDES_SCEP_CHALLENGE`
>    - `$FLEET_VAR_NDES_SCEP_PROXY_URL`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet supports adding [GitHub environment variables](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/variables#defining-environment-variables-for-a-single-workflow) in your configuration profiles. Use `$ENV_VARIABLE` format. Variables beginning with `$FLEET_VAR_` are reserved for Fleet server. The server will replace these variables with the actual values when profiles are sent to hosts. See supported variables in the guide [here](https://fleetdm.com/guides/ndes-scep-proxy)
```

Maybe we link out to the guide which has the list of supported variables? That way we don't have to maintain this list in two places.
